com/example/my2cents/SecondActivity.java
 com.example.my2cents.SecondActivity
com/example/my2cents/AnalyticsCharts.java
 com.example.my2cents.AnalyticsCharts
 com.example.my2cents.AnalyticsCharts$1
com/example/my2cents/passingModel.java
 com.example.my2cents.passingModel
com/example/my2cents/AnalyticsLog.java
 com.example.my2cents.AnalyticsLog
 com.example.my2cents.AnalyticsLog$1
 com.example.my2cents.AnalyticsLog$1$1
 com.example.my2cents.AnalyticsLog$2
com/example/my2cents/HomeModel.java
 com.example.my2cents.HomeModel
com/example/my2cents/analytics.java
 com.example.my2cents.analytics
 com.example.my2cents.analytics$1
com/example/my2cents/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.my2cents.RegisterActivity
 com.example.my2cents.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.my2cents.RegisterActivity$1$1
 com.example.my2cents.RegisterActivity$2
com/example/my2cents/Log.java
 com.example.my2cents.Log
com/example/my2cents/PasswordSettings.java
 com.example.my2cents.PasswordSettings
 com.example.my2cents.PasswordSettings$1
com/example/my2cents/MainActivity.java
 com.example.my2cents.MainActivity
 com.example.my2cents.MainActivity$1
 com.example.my2cents.MainActivity$2
 com.example.my2cents.MainActivity$3
com/example/my2cents/UsernameSettings.java
 com.example.my2cents.UsernameSettings
 com.example.my2cents.UsernameSettings$1
com/example/my2cents/AnalyticsAdapter.java
 com.example.my2cents.AnalyticsAdapter
com/example/my2cents/settings.java
 com.example.my2cents.settings
com/example/my2cents/LogListAdapter.java
 com.example.my2cents.LogListAdapter
com/example/my2cents/onboarding.java
 com.example.my2cents.onboarding
com/example/my2cents/Home.java
 com.example.my2cents.Home
 com.example.my2cents.Home$1
 com.example.my2cents.Home$2
 com.example.my2cents.Home$3
 com.example.my2cents.Home$4
 com.example.my2cents.Home$5
 com.example.my2cents.Home$6
 com.example.my2cents.Home$ActToFrag
com/example/my2cents/Timestamp.java
 com.example.my2cents.Timestamp
com/example/my2cents/Notifications.java
 com.example.my2cents.Notifications
 com.example.my2cents.Notifications$1
 com.example.my2cents.Notifications$2
 com.example.my2cents.Notifications$3
 com.example.my2cents.Notifications$4
 com.example.my2cents.Notifications$FragToAct
com/example/my2cents/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.my2cents.BuildConfig
com/example/my2cents/HomeAdapter.java
 com.example.my2cents.HomeAdapter
com/example/my2cents/SplashScreen.java
 com.example.my2cents.SplashScreen
 com.example.my2cents.SplashScreen$1
